Overhaul adv-rumors to work with Steam release adventure-beta (#442)
DFHack/scripts: docs/adv-rumors.rst

==========

.. dfhack-tool::
    :summary: Improves the conversation menus in Adventure mode.
    :tags: adventure interface

> In adventure mode, start a conversation with someone. This tool will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start a conversation with someone in adventure mode, this tool will:
```

> - Add all words to keywords for easier filtering/searching everywhere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make conversation topics searchable by additional useful keywords based on the topic description
```

> - Additional 'slay' and 'kill' keywords for choices where someone was slain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add ``slay`` and ``kill`` keywords for topics about someone who was slain
```

Overlay
-------

> This script also provides an overlay that is managed by the `gui/overlay` framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script functions via an overlay that is managed by the `gui/overlay` framework.
```

> When the `gui/adv-rumors` overlay is enabled, the script will automatically run on the convesration screen,

Reviewer: the name of the overlay will be `adv-rumors` then a `.`, then the name you assigned in the `OVERLAY_WIDGETS` table (see https://github.com/DFHack/scripts/pull/442/files#r1622685309)

> When the `adv-rumors.conversation` overlay is enabled, the script will automatically run on the convesration screen,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the ``adv-rumors.conversation`` overlay is enabled, the script will
automatically run on the convesration screen,
```

    :summary: Improves the conversation menus in Adventure mode.
    :tags: adventure interface

In adventure mode, start a conversation with someone. This tool will:

- Add all words to keywords for easier filtering/searching everywhere

> - Additional 'slay' keyword for all relevant instances

Reviewer: what are the relevant instances? the previous code appeared to detect `slew` specifically in the text as an indication that the adventurer was the slayer. Is that still the case?
